#summary Change logs with features, bug/crashs/typos/info fixes and notes.
#labels Phase-Deploy
=Amana Change Log=
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />
== Amana 2.1.beta ==
(not for official release, Snake Edition)
=== Features ===
  * Settings tab now running ok. =) Save/Cancel/Default/Verify config buttons now work.
  * Verification of paths when Amana opens for first time.
=== Fixes ===
  * Bug fixes for replay loading (not finding paths, etc).
  * Fix properties loading, using now Commons Configuration 1.9 library.

== Amana 2.0.beta ==
(not for official release, Grizzly Edition)
=== Features ===
  * Adde more missing pilots/airmechs/items.
=== Fixes ===
  * New GUI distribution for loadouts preview.
  * Improvements for image loading (no more "rsc" folder with lots of images).
  * Fix properties loading, using now Commons Configuration 1.9 library.

== Amana 1.5 ==
=== Features ===
  * Executable .exe wrapper file to launch Amana (includes nice Striker icon  yay!)
  * Drag & drop replays feature for PC and Steam.
=== Fixes ===
  * Support for non-standard name replays. (oops!)
  * Add missing pilots/airmechs/items. (oops!)
  * Fix replays folder crash (a.k.a. "grey screen" bug).
  * Fixed some corrupted replays crash.

== Amana 1.4.1 ==
=== Features ===
  * Shows Build, Map and GameMode in PC and Steam
  * Shows name, pilot, airmech and item for each player.
=== Fixes ===
  * Fixed Folder crash when any other non-replay file or folder is inside the replay folder.
== Amana 1.4 ==
=== Features ===
  * Shows creation date of the replay.
  * Configurable paths in the config.properties file.
=== Notes ===
  * Never released. Too buggy.

== Amana 1.3 ==
<font color="red">TODO</font>

== Amana 1.2 ==
=== Features ===
  * Creates automatically your replay folders the first time, for Steam version.
  * Replay launch for Steam version.
  * Shows replays in replays directory for Steam version.
  * Allows to add more arguments for Steam app launch.
=== Notes ===
  * Steam version support introduced.

== Amana 1.1 ==
=== Features ===
  * Creates automatically your replay folders the first time, for PC version.
  * Replay launch for PC version.
  * Shows replays in replays directory for PC version.
  * Allows to add more arguments for PC version (it's not useful for players really, but maybe it's for devs and whos know if for players in the future).
=== Notes ===
  * First version released.
  * Just PC version support.

== Amana 1.0 ==
=== Features ===
  * UI added.
  * Shows 1st player info and units.
=== Notes ===
  * Never released.

== Amana 0.1 ==
=== Features ===
=== Notes ===
  * Never released.
  * Console output only.